# ST10085201_TeshanaWhite_POE_Part3
On the wpf, the user will be asked to enter their monthly income as well as their monthly expenses for the various categories. The wpf’s next tab will ask the user whether they want to rent or buy a house (or neither). They must enter the monthly rent expense if they chose to rent. If they opt to acquire a home, they will be required to enter the purchase price and deposit, as well as the interest rate and the number of months they intend to pay off the mortgage. The wpf  will provide the user with access to all of the information. This output will include a wide range of data. Your income, tax deductions, and costs, as well as the total of your expenses, will be displayed in the output. The rent will come after that (if chosen). Your housing costs will be included below the rent and will include the purchase price and deposit, as well as interest and the monthly payment (calculated for you). The monthly payment will also be shown (calculated on behalf of the user). At the end of the output, the user will be offered the money that remains after all expenses. In addition to the part 1’s code the user will now also be able to opt to purchases a car. Th application will allow the user to enter the model and make, the price of the car, the deposit of the car, the interest on the car and monthly payments and how much insurance will cost for the car. 

The wpf consists of 4 tabs including a savings, which allows the users to enter their savings goal and the amount of years they plan to save for, as well as their annual interest on the savings, which will be outputted as a total, the income and expenses tab, which allows the user to input their income and expenditure and calculate how much of their income they have left after tax deductions and all of the user’s expenses, the living expenses tab, which either subtracts the rent from the value of the left over income or calculates weather or note the user will be able to purchase a home and the vehicle expenses tab, that calculates the total cos of purchasing a car including the deposit, interest and insurance. The wpf will also promt the user to notify them if at any point their expenses exceed 75% of their income.

Not much has changed in my code for the part 3 but a few errors were corrected.
